Tarka is a one piece waterproof rain suit. It's made so you can do whatever you want in the rain. 


I was commuting to work by bike and wanted to continue through the winter months. I'm not a fan of rain pants (they're pretty bulky over office clothes) and was looking for a one piece rain suit. I searched to the end of the internet and it didn't exist! So I decided to make my own. 


In Vancouver, a downpour can get in the way of the best laid plans. But with the right gear and the right attitude, getting outside in the rain can actually be awesome. In fact, our beaches and trails can be pretty empty in the rain so you might just find you have the place to yourself. 


Honestly, I made this rain suit for totally practical reasons - I needed it to stay dry while getting to work. But when I wore it, tons of people started asking me where I got it - they wanted one too. That's what inspired me to look into actually getting them made. I think if you've got an idea, do whatever you can to make a prototype. Test it out and see if people like it. An idea might seem kind of crazy at first, but once you start getting positive feedback, it inspires you to take that next step. 


The Tarka one piece rain suit will be available in two colours: black and one brighter colour. They are made with quality waterproof and breathable fabric, taped seams and a waterproof zipper.


The fact that it rains about 165 days a year in Vancouver. I think people are looking for better rain gear so they can enjoy getting outside all year round.  


Our goal is to take cars off the road by taking weather out of the equation. More and more people are riding and walking to work every year. But studies show that these commuters drop out in the winter months. We want to change that. If people could stay comfortable and dry on their way to work, they might not be as inclined to just get in the car when it’s raining.


Tarka is designed for both style and function. One piece rain suits have typically been reserved for children and people who work in construction. Tarka is the first one piece rain suit that's meant for life on the wet coast - whether you're going to the farmer's market or taking your dog for a walk on the beach. 


If more of us walked or biked in the rain, we could take thousands of cars off the road. Our goal is to make it easy for people to get out there, despite the rain. 


Getting this going took more time than I'd anticipated since suppliers were having supply chain issues during the pandemic. But I feel optimistic now that things are starting to get back to normal.  


Do things. Go places. Don’t get wet. 
Wherever the weekend takes you. 
Where the weekend takes you. 
Keep dry, wherever you end up this weekend. 


It’s always a nice day for a walk on the beach. 


#raingear #outerwear #jacket #filmgear #westcoast #fashion #vancouver






Hey film people, I designed something for shooting in the rain. It’s a one piece rain suit that you can wear to set on days like today. I made them here in Vancouver for people who work here: www.tarkaraingear.com




Spotted cinematographer @_antoniaramirez staying dry while watching her brother run the @diazvista trail running race in Port Moody.


#raingear #outerwear #raingear #jacket #filmgear #filmmaking #setlife #fashion




It’s here




At long last, the Tarka one piece rain suit is now available online.


Check out our online store here: www.tarkaraingear.com


It’s been many rounds of testing, sourcing and samples so it’s exciting to see this come to life! We’ve produced a small run to start with and worked with a local manufacturer here in Vancouver. 
 
Thank you to everyone involved in launching this brand new brand, it was a huge team effort. 


And thanks for your patience, we hope it was worth the wait! 






IG:


At long last, the Tarka rain suit is now available. We’ve made a limited first run and worked with a local manufacturer here in Vancouver. Link in bio!


Thank you to everyone involved in launching this brand new brand, it was a huge team effort. 




 














FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE          


NEW VANCOUVER BRAND LAUNCHES A ONE PIECE WATERPROOF SHELL SO PEOPLE CAN LOVE THE RAIN.




June 28, 2021, Vancouver, British Columbia


A new Vancouver-based outerwear brand has created a fully waterproof, breathable one-piece shell that lets people do what they want, despite the weather. 


After two years of prototyping and testing, the Tarka rain suit is ready to go into production. 
A fundraising campaign on Kickstarter launches this Monday July 5th.


Designed and manufactured in Vancouver, BC, it’s made with waterproof, breathable fabric, waterproof zippers and fully taped seams. It’s a one piece rain suit that you can wear over your clothes - just zip it off when you get where you’re going. 


Tarka is made for commuters, dog walkers, film workers, beach goers, hikers and anyone who wants to get outside in the rain. “You don’t notice a lot of people walking around with umbrellas in Vancouver. I think people who live here know that the rain’s not a big deal if you’re wearing the right gear,” says Tarka’s founder Mia Thomsett.


“Our mission is to take cars off the road by taking weather out of the equation,” says Thomsett. In the rainy months, people tend to stop walking or riding to work. In a Ryerson study, they found that commuters dropped in the colder months by over 70%.¹ “We want to change that,” she says.


“There’s so much to do outside, whether you’re exploring a new trail or just going to the farmer’s market. It rains here almost 165 days a year, people shouldn’t let a little rain stop them from doing what they want to do.“ 


A 100% waterproof 
one piece shell.
Get where you’re going without getting wet.


Easy
Throw it on over your clothes and zip it off when you get where you’re going.
Stay Dry
Made with high quality waterproof, breathable fabric, waterproof zippers and fully taped seams.
Feel Free
Go wherever you want, even if it’s raining. Don’t let the weather decide your plans.
Stay dry on your commute.
Every year, more and more people are walking or cycling to work. But unfortunately, that number drops in the winter months, sometimes up to 70%. But what if we took weather out of the equation? What if we could take hundreds of thousands of cars off the road? This 100% waterproof jumpsuit keeps you dry and warm wherever you’re going. Just throw it over your clothes and zip it off when you get there.
Free to do what 
you want.
Get out and go for a hike, ride to work, walk the dog, go to to the beach. Whatever you do, don’t let a little rain stop you. What if the weather really didn’t matter and you had the freedom to go wherever you wanted without having to get in the car. Our goal is to help people stay active in the rainy months with one simple piece of waterproof clothing. Save money on umbrellas, transit passes, car insurance, gas, parking and gym fees.
Taking cars off the road by taking weather out of the equation.
In the rainy months, people tend to stop walking or riding to work. A Ryerson University study found that only 27% of continued through the winter. We want to change that. If people could stay comfortable and dry on their way to work, they might not be as inclined to just get in the car or take the bus when it’s raining.






	

	

	

	

	This rainsuit is FANTASTIC. Until today it had only been lightly raining when I wore it, but today I got to put it to the super test — 45 minutes each direction in the POURING rain. SO comfortable! Completely dry! Easy on/off!